docs: instructions for using Jenkins Plugin via the UI (#4956)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/jenkins-ui.md

# Testkube Jenkins UI

The Testkube Jenkins integration streamlines the installation of Testkube, enabling the execution of any [Testkube CLI](https://docs.testkube.io/cli/testkube) command within Jenkins Pipelines or Freestyle Projects.  

> If you're looking to use Pipelines and Groovy scripts, then look at examples from [Testkube Jenkins Pipelines](./jenkins.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Pipelines and Groovy scripts, then look at examples from [Testkube Jenkins Pipelines](./jenkins.md).
```

### Testkube CLI Jenkins Plugin

> Install the Testkube CLI plugin by searching it in the "Available Plugins" section on Jenkins Plugins, or using the following url:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Testkube CLI plugin by searching for it in the "Available Plugins" section on Jenkins Plugins, or using the following url:
```

[https://plugins.jenkins.io/testkube-cli](https://plugins.jenkins.io/testkube-cli)

## Testkube Pro

To use Jenkins CI/CD for [Testkube Pro](https://app.testkube.io/), you need to create an [API token](https://docs.testkube.io/testkube-pro/articles/organization-management/#api-tokens).

### How to set up a Freestyle Project to run tests on Testkube Pro

> 1. Create a new Freestyle Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Freestyle Project.
```

2. In General settings, configure the environment variables:
   - TK_ORG
   - TK_ENV
   - TK_API_TOKEN
  
![jenkins environment variables configuration](../img/jenkins-environment.png)

> 3. Click on "Add Build Step" and select "Testkube Setup"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on "Add Build Step" and select "Testkube Setup".
```

![jenkins testkube setup build step](../img/jenkins-build-step.png)

> 4. Specify a Testkube CLI version or leave it empty to use the latest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Specify a Testkube CLI version or leave it empty to use the latest version.
```

> 5. Add a new "Execute Shell" Build Step and run one or multiple Testkube CLI commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add a new "Execute Shell" Build Step and run one or multiple Testkube CLI commands.
```
